and welcome back to fresh episode of
business growth show I'm your host Sam
Dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't yet check out our
weekly emails where I share actionable
website SEO and B2B marketing tips
useful podcasts goodies and more why not
give it a shot over at business growth
dot email
joining me today I've got Alex the
Sheridan Alex the founder over in
practice
Alex welcome to the show sir how are we
doing good man excited to chat likewise
looking forward to the conversation
today we're going to be getting stuck
into how everyone tuning in can win with
LinkedIn video
so first and foremost
why should anyone in the B2B space
consider when there's so many platforms
around now I'll actually got Tick Tock
we got YouTube why LinkedIn video of all
places
well if you think about it I mean in
terms of if we back out of LinkedIn for
a quick second if you look at how
customers buy how your customers buy now
has changed from how they buy 10 to 15
20 years ago I mean if you look at like
and it's very simple example of this is
like if you're talking to a sales person
let's say at a car dealership to get
information on different cars and what
you should buy and what the new models
and features are and how cars drive you
would have to go to the dealership you
would have to talk to the salesperson to
get that information and the same for
any product whether it was software or
whatever technology whatever it was well
now people are in customers are getting
their information and they're doing
their research and they're consuming
video content and text content too way
prior to talking to a sales person in
fact the research shows that people are
80 of the way sold before they actually
talk to a salesperson so if you think
about just getting in the mind of a
buyer if you want to be the one that's
educating them along the way on their
cost customer buyer Journey you want to
be feeding them things not that hey this
is our product this is our service this
is why you busted by for me but it
should be more educational type things
or explaining why they need to do
something or why they're missing out on
you know a certain opportunity or cost
or whatever it is and then how to
actually execute how to actually get
results and so that's kind of the why
behind content in general video is just
the best way to do it because let's be
honest what happened when covet happened
we all went to video calls we all want
the zoom exploded right we didn't all
say hey let's just start emailing back
and forth and let's just start doing a
bunch of text messages and that'll be
fine no we realize that like we're
humans we need human connection so if
you've seen 50 of my videos on LinkedIn
Sam which you've seen a lot more than
that by this one machine well yeah and
I've seen more of yours too by the way
but you've got a sense that you feel
like you kind of know me and maybe trust
me a little bit and maybe I've got a
deeper level of credibility than someone
that's just doing text especially
nowadays with AI because because AI can
create a lot of that text content for
people so you showing your face on
camera and people getting a sense of
your personality and how you are it's
really high to heart it's high to hard
not knowing your stuff on camera like
you can't really pretend like people can
sniff it out if we're doing a
conversation for 30 minutes like this
you'll know if somebody's full of crap
or not and so video just builds trust
and credibility and likability at a much
faster rate and I think what happened
you know you saw it say I'm two three
four years ago with LinkedIn the way
they judged and measured text post
versus video post was kind of out of
balance because they said oh well a view
for a text post is just showing up in
your feed it's an impression but then a
view for a video post was it had you had
to watch it for three seconds and that
all changed on LinkedIn and that's why
video has become so much more popular on
LinkedIn more people are adapting video
with Tick Tock and reels and YouTube
shorts video is just exploding and we're
consuming twice as much video content as
we did four years ago so there's that
but also LinkedIn is now changed the way
they measure the performance of content
video versus text so it's even the
playing field out where before people
were like oh my text plus do so much
better in terms of impressions in reach
the video and now you're seeing this and
in fact in a lot of our cases and with
customers our videos are outperforming
our text post on LinkedIn
linkedin's such a funny one isn't it
because it's like one month one type of
post whether it's text image post can
far surpass any other and then you go a
month or two two months later and the
amount of Impressions a different format
whether that is video a poll or an image
post just jumps up and it's it's it's a
strange strange system isn't it but like
you say video seems to have really
jumped up in terms of the reach that
it's able to produce especially in the
last few months from what I've seen as
well on my side yeah I mean to your
point you've always got the trends right
so on tick tock on Instagram real
YouTube shorts on LinkedIn you know you
had polls a while back that got big
reach a lot of people were doing polls
now it seems to be the picture post with
a good story almost a guaranteed home
run on LinkedIn right but the thing
that's been constant for the last three
to four years regardless of that is
video content it really hasn't it's only
gone up sometimes it's been a very slow
move and now it's kind of the curve is
kind of Shifting and it's moving a
little bit faster and more people are
adopting it it's performing better I
think that the LinkedIn team
um for just having conversations with
some of them they're encouraging video
they under they're smart people right
they understand that if we want to be
relevant in 2023 we have to have a video
aspect of the platform right and so
they're introducing more analytics and
more features and now you can I don't
know if you've got this already because
I know LinkedIn sometimes slow to roll
it out but you can now view your post
based on just video right right yeah
yeah so if you go to your profile I
don't know if everyone has it yet but I
have it if I go to my profile right now
I can search by just videos so you know
on Tick Tock like an Instagram you can
like sort through really fast all your
video content we're on LinkedIn you
couldn't do that before you'd have to go
through every post it would take you a
year to get to like to post from a year
ago where now you've got videos and it's
like Columns of your videos and so you
just do and boom you're you're a year
back already yeah so even things like
that you can tell that they're creating
video libraries like the the things are
changing and that's why I've always
preached like stay with video and then
adapt and evolve with the trends and the
different nuances that happen along the
way take advantage of them but don't go
all in like if you went all in on polls
and then it changes well now you're kind
of screwed because where you're gonna do
polls at Right video video scales so
much better because you can post it
anywhere it could be a podcast it could
be a video email it could be Tick Tock
YouTube shorts Instagram reels LinkedIn
like the the scalability on video is
crazy
and do you think video gives you an edge
because like we we touched on a bit
there there is a lot of different ways
that you can put out content on LinkedIn
whether that is engaging in other
people's posts in the feed whether that
is putting out just a text-based post a
text with an image poll whatever you
want to do there's a lot of different
mediums that you can create content
whether it's your own or just adding to
other people's does video give you an
edge do you feel
I think video is the number one
competitive advantage on LinkedIn
actually like I think it's really that
powerful because most people still to
this time like only one to two maybe
three percent now are posting content on
a weekly basis out of all of the people
on LinkedIn 800 million now I believe
but if you take that percentage and you
look at how many people are posting
video content multiple times a week it's
a very very very small percentage so
naturally like you know again you can
mix in the text posts and the picture
posts and all that stuff I do that too
because it's LinkedIn it still works
there but you showing your face and
putting yourself out there and showing
your audience who you're about and your
personality and your style and it just
it builds trust in a much higher rate so
I think that's a competitive Advantage
for people just like it would have been
if you were you know if I got an
opportunity to speak in front of the
thousand people versus just sending them
an email or sending them a text or
sending them an audio note you better
believe I'm gonna get on I want to get
on stage you better believe I'm gonna
take advantage of that because now
everyone can see me and so it's like I
feel like I know this person I trust
this person I understand how they
operate in their personality and it's
just a different Dynamic so I think
absolutely man if you're thinking about
how do you how do you kind of move ahead
on LinkedIn the fastest definitely take
advantage of the trends and things that
are happening but absolutely be posting
a couple videos a week
okay so let's get Tactical
so I want to give the audience tuning in
some takeaways here so perhaps for
someone that's maybe dabbled in a few
videos or maybe just doesn't know where
to start but ultimately most of us that
are on LinkedIn from a B2B perspective
are probably doing it in a selfish means
I know I assure us how I'm I mean
ultimately I'm on LinkedIn because I
want to grow the business of course I
want to drive inbound opportunities
start conversations
um and get people coming to us for for
our services and I'm sure most of people
are in a similar spot so with that in
mind when it comes to building out a
video strategy that's actually going to
drive a steady flow of inbound sales
conversations
what are some of the very first steps
that you should put into play Alex
yeah so you know when you're starting
off on LinkedIn and you're building out
your content strategy the first place
you want to start is with who are you
creating content for and who do you want
to become as a result of posting content
right and so if like people skip that
step and they start like oh I'm just
gonna post a bunch of content
educational entertainment whatever it is
you really got to stop and think about
like do you actually know your customer
do they understand that they have a
problem or a challenge in the first
place do they know the opportunity cost
that's involved with not taking an
action with the solution that you
provide you may need to open up their
mind and shift their perspective in the
first place and then from there you got
to be able to teach them how to actually
find success so that's where the
educational piece comes into play or
potentially edutainment piece comes into
play where you're providing those
tactics and techniques and strategies
and the the to-do list and the tips and
all that stuff so that's got to come
into play
and then from there like once you
actually get that that's part of the
strategy piece and I'm oversimplifying
all this just for the same time but I
think honestly it's always good advice
to start with the audience in mind the
customer in mind right and then who what
is your brand and how do you want to
come across to that audience but then if
you get a little bit because somebody
might get tactical if you get tactical
with videos and this is videos on any
platform not just LinkedIn Tick Tock
really changed the game with all video
platforms it made it and when people
started consuming video content on
linked or on Tick Tock they started
getting used to how it's delivered it's
a little bit more fast-paced it's a
little bit more punchier it's got more
of a hook it's a little bit more
creative and so what they did is like
you don't change you don't completely
change mindsets when you go to a
different platform sure when I'm
scrolling on LinkedIn it's a different
experience than when I'm on Tick Tock no
doubt about it but it changed the way I
think about videos and how people
consume videos on LinkedIn too meaning
that like you have to now if you're
going to post a video on LinkedIn you
better be thinking about three things
one a good hook you've got to grab the
attention of the audience that you want
to reach right so you can't start
something out being like you know Sam
the other day I was talking to a couple
people about it's like people are gone
right so you've got to start with maybe
it's a bold opinion or a thought or an
unpopular opinion maybe it's a
compelling story that you're going to
lead with that's really uh going to
Captivate people and get people
interested in maybe it is a how-to or
three things you need to do if you want
to do X Y and Z or here's why you're not
getting results on LinkedIn with your
content you got to start with something
kind of Punchy like that whether it's a
repurposed clip or you're creating it
from scratch
the second thing you do is you need to
kind of bullet point the key points that
you want to deliver in that video so
once you've got the hook down you're
like cool I'm going to talk about why
your video content's not converting on
LinkedIn great that's going to be my
hook my title whatever it is then I got
to think about what are the core kind of
what's the compelling message what do I
want to get across to the audience right
and I'm going to bullet point a couple
things out so that when I'm making the
video I've now got the hook down and
then I've got a couple bullet points so
I can go cool make sure I hit this this
and this and I let it flow kind of
naturally right I'm not scripting out
the whole thing per se but I'm just
bullet pointing to make sure I don't
miss any key points yeah and then the
third piece to the Tactical video side
would be just you know how do you want
to end it with somebody what do you want
to leave you know is there a call to
action do you want to make people feel a
certain way you know at the end of the
story do you want a direct call to
action like hey if this was valuable go
check out the whole podcast because we
talk about this and 50 times we go 50
times deeper you know so I think hook
compelling message bullet point it out
and then some type of call to action or
how you want to leave the audience
feeling at the end
like the breakdown man so at the start
of that you were talking about focusing
on your audience focus on those those
Auto clients who actually want to do
business with yeah
there's a lot of debate I see on on
LinkedIn and usually people when I say
creators content creators people that
are posting activity on LinkedIn usually
have quite a varied opinion either hard
one way hard the other how Niche do you
think people should go when it comes to
video content or putting out content in
general
I think it there's a little bit of like
wiggle room depending on what you do of
course right it's not like black or
white ever and I think even when you go
Niche it's okay to have a couple buckets
outside of that Niche right it's okay
like if I'm talking about video content
LinkedIn marketing that's my you know
primary kind of three niches let's say
it's okay for me to talk about work life
Harmony or being a dad once in a while
right where I think people miss the mark
as they start creating a bunch of
General content to just get it to just
get attention right and it's like you
see like some of the influencers on
LinkedIn talk about it but it's like I
don't see any customer results from them
I don't see them helping companies when
customers from that right like what
you're going to create a bunch of
General content and then hope someone
goes to your profile to figure out what
you do you're missing the entire point
of creating content you have to shift
perspective you have to tell a narrative
you have to get them to see something
differently you got to teach them how to
do something and so it's very
narrow-minded to think I would just
create create a bunch of General content
to try to get some awareness if you're
really trying to implement an actual
content strategy for a company right if
it's just you and you're like I want to
build my personal brand and like I just
want to be myself and have some fun with
it then cool go do your thing but if
you're talking about building a Content
strategy for a company and you want to
attract customers and talent and build a
real brand then you have to have a
strategy because it's not just LinkedIn
by the way as you know it's it's
podcasting it's YouTube videos it's
videos on your website so like how do
you not what are you gonna have random
videos on your website of like hey
here's me and here's my dog and like I
like to have fun at the park like it's
not going to convert so like I always
tell people like if you would if I would
put out 100 videos around LinkedIn video
video content marketing and I was like
man I was putting out stuff that's
changing people's perspective they're
like oh my God I never saw it that way
that's so good I teach people how to
implement a video strategy I am making
impacts left and freaking right and then
my competitor is putting out a they've
put out 100 videos too but it's been all
General stuff I'm eating lunch today and
networking so important like here's what
LinkedIn tip here's this here's that
they're going more customers are going
to come to my way because I've genuinely
made an impact on them so for me
content's about impact it's about
providing value to a certain audience or
group of people and I don't see how you
do that to the best of your ability when
you're 100 General
yeah yeah I think I made that mistake
really as well when I first started out
on LinkedIn and putting out content just
putting out General stuff whatever came
into my mind and completely agree like
when it wasn't until I actually focused
on who I wanted to attract for our
business right made it made it helpful
made it like you mentioned educating
entertaining for that audience
well and here's the other piece there
Sam like people and I I fell on the same
trip we all fall on the same trap I
think in the beginning or at least when
you first started social like it's just
a natural progression I think but the
reason people gravitate towards the
general content is because it typically
performs a little bit better it's kind
of easier to get traction because it's
just everyone would would consume it
right it's like relevant for everyone
but so like people like oh man I've
talked about my Niche and it doesn't get
as much traction yes it's going to take
longer time to get traction with a niche
content strategy right and so yeah mix
in the general stuff here and there
that's cool but it's a longer play where
people get wrapped up and like I want to
get a trillion likes and a bunch of
comments and so like I'll just post
whatever I think would get that and it's
like in a year they'll end up posting
LinkedIn and be like man I messed up I
got too General and they didn't bring me
clients now my business is struggling
it's like yeah I told you that wasn't
going to work you know so it's like I've
heard that story dude so many times I've
heard so so many people coming back six
months later 12 months later being like
man I don't know what I was doing I got
wrapped up in the virality and the views
and the comments and the likes and I
forgot and I forgot what content was
really about
right so yeah it's it's a funny one
right for sure
um and with that in mind
like I'm no no qualms with me admitting
like my stuff doesn't get a ton of likes
but it does Drive inbound so in your
opinion but I could be an obscurity
because I know you're consistently
putting out videos there and they're
getting a ton of Engagement but with
that said should you touch on it a bit
then but if we're putting out videos on
a fairly regular basis or content in
General on the LinkedIn feed and it's
not getting a ton of likes ton of views
ton of engagements but we're doing it to
the best of our ability I.E we're
answering those customer questions we're
talking about problems we fix we're
trying to be some kind of useful
resource that's pretty relevant to the
niche we want to operate in should we be
that concerned that we're not
necessarily getting a ton of Engagement
compared to maybe some other well-known
creators that we often see in the feed
well this is where like it's a great
question I think this is where it goes
back to like your goals and objectives
and what you're trying to accomplish so
is there some creators out there that
are just trying to get a ton of
attention and that's what that's their
only goal and so they're creating
content they're probably going to get
more attention if they're good at it
than someone that's focused on winning
customers and shifting perspective and
teaching people how to do things now I
know you do edutainment too so you mix
that in but what I would say is like it
depends on how long you've been creating
the video content to begin with right if
you've been creating content for a year
two years straight and you're still not
getting a good amount of traction and
that's that's relative right that's
subjective I would say that it's
probably there's a delivery issue with
the content meaning you've got the
message the message is probably good if
it's on point like if you've got the
right message you want to convey to your
audience but a lot of times what I see
is the delivery it starts off too slow
people are unclear as to what it's about
it's a podcast clip and it's like the
first three or four seconds just don't
really hook people in so if I look at
video content that's I'm like is the
message on point yes it is cool let's
look at the delivery you know and I'm I
believe like you have to think and act
like a Creator in 2023 and and a
consumer as well so like you should be
creating some video content just for the
feeds like too many people are like all
repurposed or it's all like interview
Clips like you have to like I would
encourage people to try some edutainment
whatever that looks like for you or to
get outside like I've noticed when I
film outside man and I have a good hook
good message 45 to a minute long video
they just Crush they crush on Tick Tock
they crush on Instagram they crush on
LinkedIn and it's like people just it's
different scenery it's like I made the
video for the feed so I think you do
creativity plays a big role in content
like there's just no if and or buts
about it it [__] matters like the
creative actually really matters right
so it's same way with ads too so I think
I would look at like how long have you
been doing it so because if you've been
doing it for three to four to five six
months months you really want to look at
the qualitative feedback our customers
and your audience giving you good
feedback like wow this is great Sam I
really I didn't know this about SEO or I
didn't notice about video content right
and then the quantitative should pick up
if you're getting good qualitative but I
would say in a lot of cases maybe the
message is good but it's the delivery
that's a little bit off
yeah yeah yeah with that in mind is
there a sweet spot do you think for
LinkedIn video in terms of actual the
time frame that it should be within
obviously if you're doing YouTube shorts
Tick Tock it tends to be within a minute
is that a similar case for LinkedIn or
is it it depends it depends man not
really like I would say like you I mean
you could go anywhere from 20 to 25
seconds all the way up to you know three
to five minutes but the thing is like if
you're gonna post a three minute video
or a five minute video it better be good
right because it's not like a YouTube
video where someone is searching for the
video and then they're gonna go consume
it how to do X Y and Z how to build out
a strategy for LinkedIn well now you've
got their attention they want to consume
that content people are just scrolling
the feet so not expecting to see your
video right so it's got to be really
good it's got to be Punchy first couple
seconds you got to grab their attention
with what it's about and Intrigue them
in some way to want to keep watching and
then that conversation has got to be
pretty compelling it just got to be
something that like the audience would
care about and want to consume for the
next three to four minutes because
that's a lot of time to ask somebody to
take out of their day when you don't
know what they're doing they could be
walking up the stairs and they just
opened up LinkedIn they took a bite of
their sandwich at lunch and they may be
like I don't want to give five minutes
to this like that's a lot of time but if
it's really interesting them to them
they will and the same thing on Tick
Tock I've had plenty of videos that are
over a minute that are some of my best
performing videos and I don't do a lot I
don't do any like seven second or 15
second or any of that [__] I don't fall
into the trend trap and I don't try to
do any of that stuff I just try to think
about how can I provide the most value
to my audience yeah yeah yeah I think
that's a great perspective isn't it
actually understanding or trying to
think from your audience's perspective
to the fact right if they are on social
they're not they haven't got a high
intent for your offer they're just
scrolling it probably in their time at
work whatever right and understanding
that if if you're not catching their
attention quickly and giving them
something that's gonna keep them hooked
then they're probably just gonna flick
past it so that's a yeah you're done
dude you're competing with all these
other creators especially on Tick Tock
right but even for LinkedIn too you're
competing with all of these other
creators so it's like some people like
posting content and they're like oh I
don't have time to like make better
content and I'm like then you might as
well just quit because it's never going
to perform like you're going to put that
piece of content out there like average
or below average is not going to cut it
anymore maybe three years ago on
LinkedIn if you posted you know the
stuff you could get away with back then
because there were just weren't many
people posting on the platform but now
it's become very Creator Centric people
are telling better Stories the videos
look better the podcasts are better the
writing is more engaged right so it's
like it everything's leveling up which
is just what happens with anything with
anything in life whether it's technology
or AI or whatever it is everything
levels up and so some people I look at
their contests like the same content
they posted three years ago or two years
ago it's like you you gotta continue to
evolve and that's part of the content
creation journey is like you're always
evolving just like in business as you
know entrepreneurship you gotta always
evolve [__] changes SEO changes content
changes strategies shift right how
customers how customers buy changes
everything evolves it's just a question
of like do people evolve with it and
capitalize on it or that do they get
left behind hmm Alex if someone wants to
put out video content but they're in I'm
gonna call it a difficult Niche or they
might think it's uh hard to talk about
Niche and when I say that I mean putting
myself in a prospective
um creative shoes that perhaps hasn't
put out much video content but maybe
let's say they provide I don't know
agricultural software let's say yeah
quite a traditional industry and they're
thinking well this stuff's just going to
be boring like if I put it on the feed
how do I put out video content that is
going to educate and entertain my
audience and
position me as the ideal go-to in their
sector when they need our offer like
when you're in those kind of niches that
aren't let's say as mainstream and are
quite out there are there any tips of
how these people can actually think of
ideas that's going to resonate with
their prospects
yeah so I have a customer named Andrew
Brown who you've probably seen on
LinkedIn he and he sells tools to
construction companies and the trades
industry and he's crushing it on
LinkedIn with video content he posts
pretty much videos every single day what
we did when we sat down like to come up
with this strategy and his messaging and
how are we going to impact the audience
and yeah he's like I don't really want
to talk about tools and stuff because to
your points like is that overly nichy
you could there's a strategy to do that
don't get me wrong but on LinkedIn and
some of the other platforms it may be a
little too nichy and it's it's not going
to resonate with a big audience right
unless you're specifically going to use
that tool so what you can do if you're
super Niche and you're worried about
that it being too Niche that it's not
going to resonate not get traction over
time
you you can step out of the niche and go
into kind of an industry overview so
what we did with Andrew is we said we're
not going to talk about tools
necessarily every video we're going to
talk about the skilled trades industry
in Blue Collar work and why it's so
important to the world and build
infrastructure and buildings and
roadways and we're going to talk about
the opportunities that are out there for
skilled trades people and we're going to
talk about how to get them and why
people need to think about these
opportunities when they're entering the
workforce and how we need to teach it
more in schools and what that does is it
gives people it's a movement people are
bought into the movement now around the
industry and that now we've you know
everything's optimized to where like and
he'll mention his business and still do
content around that but now people think
of him as like the skilled trades Blue
Collar person and so it's like and then
he sells tools to the people that he's
attracting to so it like fits in from a
business standpoint and just just last
week it's funny he DM me in our group
chat and he was like I just won two
custom Commerce and one of them has a
six figure potential and he's been
posting content now it didn't happen
overnight he's been posting content
videos consistently now with this new
strategy for I think four or five months
something like that maybe six months
something like that right and so um he
got a lot of traction a lot of traction
and then the now the customers are
starting to follow so I would say take a
step back a little bit and see if
there's a broader kind of topic that
still ties back into the niche but you
don't have to necessarily talk about
that Niche Niche topic every single time
I think that's going to help a lot of
people that are perhaps stuck on ideas
and with that kind of broader overview
but still relevant to Their audience
good stuff yeah
um yeah I wanted to ask you touched on
it then but for one of your customers
but how long does it typically take
um because like we talked about that the
main goal here is to start new sales
conversations with our Target prospects
is there a timeline from when you're
putting out videos on the basis it does
everything we've covered so far that it
should start to engage sales
conversations and as well as actually
putting out the video content should we
be doing anything else on LinkedIn to
make sure that our video is actually
going to get some traction I.E people
are going to see it
yeah so in terms of how long it takes to
start winning customers on LinkedIn
through video content I I'm not going to
say it depends because I feel like no
one wants to hear that right oh it
depends on this and this yeah yeah yeah
we get it right like give me the
straight answer I'll tell you a straight
up answer so here's how I look at it the
first two to three months I'm looking at
qualitative feedback like I mentioned
earlier right so I'm looking at what are
people saying specifically what is our
audience saying our Target customer
saying how are they resonating with the
content are they dropping comments are
they liking it are they sending us DMS
saying man that was that was a great
piece that you did on X Y and Z but that
was a great episode for the podcast or a
great video you did on this so I want to
collect data and just say hey is my
message Landing is my delivery Landing
like is this is this the right content
and you put together a strategy you
assume it is but then you got to go test
it in the marketplace and the audience
is the ultimate judge once we get past
that two to three month Mark now we're
in the three months to six months and
here's where I want to start seeing
engagement from Target customers start
to ramp up a little bit bit the
quantitative numbers start to ramp up a
little bit and here's where I like the
strategy of going in and not just
letting the engagement people are liking
and commenting on your post that are
potential customers don't necessarily
wait for them to reach out and message
you you go through your engagement and
you say hey John hey Susan thanks so
much you send them a video DM on
LinkedIn which you can do in the app and
you say thanks so much for taking time
to check out my video on X Y and Z hey I
was looking at your profile and I found
this curious or this is really
interesting have you ever thought about
this you know so you can start a
conversation and we've had a ton of
clients one win clients that way and
I've won clients that way but I would
say about five to six months in I'm
expecting to start to see some inbound
leads in customers from the LinkedIn
video content or the content in general
five to six months in I do want to see
those those customers and the revenue
start to follow it doesn't mean it could
be three months we've had it 90 days
we've had it in seven months right so
there's no exact time frame but that's
how I would break down the time line of
how long it takes to convert your
LinkedIn video content to customers and
Revenue
quick one
um and then I'll have one one more
question around copy to supplement the
video
now in terms of making sure our videos
actually gonna hit the people we want
them to hit
um obviously you can't just create a
LinkedIn account post videos because you
can have no connections right and No
One's Gonna See It are there any I mean
we haven't got a ton of time but are
there any broad practices because I know
some LinkedIn experts we've had on have
said I've got to spend 10 to 20 minutes
in the feed engaging on comments then
post your video or post your content and
then it'll work or have you got any kind
of General tips around that Alex to make
sure that your actual Network Target
prospects are going to see it yeah I
mean it's hard to find success on
LinkedIn unless you engage with other
people on the platform you have to jump
in and drop comments and and I would say
this I would definitely make sure you
engage with two groups of people minimum
the first one would be your Target
customers right so like you need to be
in sales Navigators great for this
because you can drill down my job title
posted content in the last 30 days
industry company size all types of
different stuff you can find your exact
customer and then you want to go through
and engage with the people that are
already putting out content it's going
to do two things one you'll start
conversations which means you're booking
meetings DM them and that kind of stuff
and then secondly because linkedin's a
social graph which means it's it cares
about and it shows you content based on
who you engage with and comment on and
they comment on yours now they're saying
your content you're seeing their content
it kind of trains the LinkedIn algorithm
so you you definitely want to be doing
that with your Target customers the
second group of people I would be
engaging with actively every day and
when I say every day actively I mean you
should be commenting on 10 to 20 posts
per day minimum when you're starting off
especially when you're starting off on
LinkedIn but I would really say almost
almost every day anyways at least Monday
through Friday you want to take the
weekends off that's fine but the second
group is just active people that put out
content so just creators right and the
reason you want to do that is because
you want to get inundated with you want
to get involved with the communities of
people that are already garnering
attention like go to people that maybe
do are in the marketing like if I
comment on your stuff right I'm in the
marketing space you're in the marketing
space but you do ask you focus mostly on
SEO and other things and I focus a lot
on video content so it's a smart move
for me to go engage with your content
build a relationship with you and other
people are going to see that that are
interested in marketing and things like
that and so you'll do the same with me
right I don't do SEO you do so you can
comment leave something about that and
then business owners and Founders and my
Target customers are going to see that
and so I think think about who you're
engaging with be be intentional but you
absolutely have to engage with other
people LinkedIn to find traction
especially in the beginning like it's
it's a absolute must yeah yeah last one
we've talked about video on LinkedIn but
we haven't talked about the copy the
goes alongside it in the actual post so
how important is well these days
especially if you're scrolling on your
phone like sometimes you'll only see one
line of copy like the headline and
that'll encourage you to either click
read more or even watch the video or
scroll past then you've got the body of
the text post so
what are your thoughts around how
important copy and messaging is to
complement the video that you're posting
yeah copy matters on LinkedIn big time
because what happens like if you look at
Tick Tock people see videos first
they're kind of scrolling for the video
and then underneath that is the text and
it's almost like hard it's not hard to
get to but it's like a secondary option
where on LinkedIn when people are
scrolling the feed on LinkedIn Sometimes
some people actually look at the text
first and then go to the video some
people only look at the text
some people go to the video first and
they don't look at the text or some
people go to the video first and then
they go to the text but the text
absolutely matters the copy absolutely
matters on LinkedIn one you should be
creating some text posts and picture
posts and things of that nature
but but two even if you're creating
videos a lot of a lot of mistakes I see
is like people do like one line or two
lines and the copy sucks and the problem
with that is like some people are are
looking at the copy first and if it's
crap they're gonna assume that the mess
the video is crap too here's the other
thing I think it's really important and
you do some edutainment videos too I was
I obviously do them too and one thing
that I love about the text portion of
LinkedIn because it is so prevalent is
that you've got a video on one topic
well you can expand upon that topic or
add things that you missed from the
video in the actual text or copy so I
like it for that in today's video I
posted is a great example of like I
didn't quite it was an interview
repurposed clip it was a good clip
there's a good clip it has a hook a good
message but I didn't quite get the like
structure that I wanted to get in the
video so I put it in the text and now P
I know people are reading the text for a
fact because they're commenting they're
commenting and they're referencing
something that was only in the text yeah
so there's your there's your opinion
isn't it I'm guilty of that because I
might be in the gym and then I might see
a video like someone like yourself Chris
Walker whoever it might be right and
then I'll just read the text because I'm
there you go in between sets at the gym
whatever yes and I'll just comment based
on the text yes it'll take me a minute
to read and then I'll make a quick
comment and I'm like exactly and if it's
a good Creator usually the text is like
it'll get you there like you can you can
comment based on the text yeah yeah
awesome Alex appreciate you sharing your
walkthrough of how to win on LinkedIn
video very much enjoy the conversation
sir for anyone that has tuned in and
wants to learn more about yourself
connect with you do some business with
you what are the best ways to connect or
get in touch with you sir definitely on
LinkedIn send me a message on LinkedIn
connect with me um you can also just
send me an email a sheridanimpacts.com
go to impacts.com there's videos on
there there's strategies how to's
there's questions to your answers to
your common questions
um all of that stuff is on there you can
also find me on Tick Tock Instagram too
nice one man we'll put all of those in
the show notes at
businessgrowth.marketing and with that I
want to thank you once again appreciate
the convey appreciate it brother looking
forward to having you on mine too no
worries man and as always if you enjoyed
today's episode a quick rating or review
on Apple or Spotify is appreciated or on
YouTube subscribe goes a long way and
we'll catch you on the next one for more
no BS actionable tips to grow your
business and revenue catch you soon